Thank you in advance
Though today's open game was over
It was a wonderful victory, but what kind of impression do you have
Because from it in person fighting season was to win yourself with d
Is me to successfully support at senior around but I was nervous to head
I wonder where was your play
What did you care about when you entered the game ?
Softening of Chau not turning square in his even after that and his first to a bad play
so
I think that I will finish first ply
I think I could
It is expected to be the mainstay meaning that it will be the third turn this year from last year replacing the number
I think there is a place but something
I have a thought about it this year
Is Tsuka Takadate correctly
Kamikoyamacho 3 Gang
Other team feeling came in and came up from below
I have the third one but I do
Still know is good also whether appear in person
From the practice one volume appeals to you and if you have a little chance
I think that I would like to do it with a feeling that I aim at the starting point
Kedomo today began Tan to something reverse or rather challenges that appeared in today's game
There is no one and say so
Or Wattto from head chan
Not good
It is not a type with Aso Anmari technology
It's not any easy mistakes kana was a little often
That on April 22 in Anomata it this mother is next week
I have welder before thrill but
Can I say a word for the match there?
If you remember the star
Think of yourself like you
Shinpei
I also want to do Ippei as char upper part
秦Last season I ended up with trammany
I know that I may be jealous of saying enthusiasm for this season
Nishikawa, as an individual
Then I made a team by becoming a player who can get involved twice
I want to aim for the absolute victory Japan
Fire 3 has been r door
Hmm